## Example Summary

Sample application to periodically toggle an LED based off a timer.

## Peripherals & Pin Assignments

SysConfig generates the driver configurations into the __ti_drivers_config.c__
and __ti_drivers_config.h__ files. Information on pins and resources used
is present in both generated files. The SysConfig user interface can also be
utilized to determine pins and resources used.

* `CONFIG_TIMER_0` - Timer instance that toggles the LED.
* `CONFIG_GPIO_LED_0` - LED toggled in the callback function.

## BoosterPacks, Board Resources & Jumper Settings

For board specific jumper settings, resources and BoosterPack modifications,
refer to the __Board.html__ file.

> If you're using an IDE such as Code Composer Studio (CCS) or IAR, please
refer to Board.html in your project directory for resources used and
board-specific jumper settings.

The Board.html can also be found in your SDK installation:

        <SDK_INSTALL_DIR>/source/ti/boards/<BOARD>


## Example Usage

* The example performs general initialization in `mainThread`.

## Application Design Details

This application uses one thread, `mainThread`. The timer is operating in
Timer_CONTINUOUS_CALLBACK mode which causes the callback function,
`timerCallback`, to be called at a rate specified by `period`. A `period` of
1,000,000 microseconds or 1 second is used. Because the LED is toggled each
time `timerCallback` is called, the observed frequency the LED blinks is once
every 2 seconds.

TI-RTOS:

* When building in Code Composer Studio, the kernel configuration project will
be imported along with the example. The kernel configuration project is
referenced by the example, so it will be built first. The "release" kernel
configuration is the default project used. It has many debug features disabled.
These feature include assert checking, logging and runtime stack checks. For a
detailed difference between the "release" and "debug" kernel configurations and
how to switch between them, please refer to the SimpleLink MCU SDK User's
Guide. The "release" and "debug" kernel configuration projects can be found
under &lt;SDK_INSTALL_DIR&gt;/kernel/tirtos/builds/&lt;BOARD&gt;/(release|debug)/(ccs|gcc).

FreeRTOS:

* Please view the `FreeRTOSConfig.h` header file for example configuration
information.
